***Why do you think Focus Bear was created?***

	ADHD is a massive issue that affects members of the team personally, and many more people all over the world, and ADHD individuals have increased university drop out rates, difficulty finding jobs, and issues in practically all aspects of life. More and more people are being diagnosed with ADHD every year due to increased diagnostic capabilities. Focus Bear was developed in response to specifically working towards helping these individuals take some control back over their lives in reducing distractions and encouraging better focusing habits. Additionally, Focus Bear was created as a response to Jeremy’s own experience struggling with autism and ADHD and how it impacted his productivity, relationships, jobs, and attention. Other focusing apps were made for neurotypical people, and thus don’t meet the needs of neurodivergent individuals– a need that Focus Bear solves. The main goals of Focus Bear are to remove distractions, start the day right, eliminate decision fatigue, use visual cues to increase focus, and to increase motivation.

***What problem is Focus Bear solving?***

	Focus Bear is solving the problem of neurodivergent individuals, particularly those with autism and ADHD, finding challenges in all aspects of their lives relating to their response to distractions, hyper-focus, physical and mental health issues, difficulties detecting interoceptive signals, nutritional balance, and lack of metacognitive strategies. Focus Bear was developed in response to there not being an adequate existing focusing app that meets the needs of neurodivergent people. Focus Bear is designed to help meet issues found in studies that identify  individuals with ADHD and autism having increased rates of university drop out, difficulty finding jobs, and suicide.  

***Why do you think this mission is important?***

	The mission behind Focus Bear is important because it’s helping to directly serve a group of individuals that have historically been underserved in many similar prospects. The lack of any focusing app designed for neurodivergency before Focus Bear is a prime example. Thus, not only does Focus Bear help to alleviate some of the struggles neurodivergent individuals face relating to productivity and concentration, but it also serves as a matter of representation in that it directly speaks to individuals struggling with these issues and tells them that Focus Bear is working to help them directly. This is on top of the fact that it was founded by someone who personally struggles with ADHD and autism, and other members on the team struggle with ADHD as well. It is an app built by neurodivergent individuals for neurodivergent individuals.

***How does Focus Bear’s work align with your personal values or interests?***

	Focus Bear’s work aligns with my personal drive and professional interests in wanting to be able to make a significant difference in the lives of others. When I think of the future of my professional career, I know that that will be the pillar that I design my career around. The desire of Focus Bear to help neurodivergent individuals in smaller ways that make a profound impact in larger trends ranging from university drop out rates to suicide is profound and deeply moving. That is the kind of difference I want to be able to contribute to. Additionally, Focus Bear is at the cross-section between my professional goals and personal interests. My side hobby of developing ROBLOX games gives me a unique perspective on certain aspects of Focus Bear, like how to better appeal to more users or how to meet the needs of existing users.

***Do you personally relate to any of the challenges that Focus Bear aims to solve?***

	I do personally relate to the challenges Focus Bear aims to solve. While I have not been diagnosed with ADHD, my therapist has previously said that it is possible that I could have ADHD, with the only reasoning it wasn’t concretely determined being that I was attending remote and not in-person. Focus Bear’s goals of eliminating distractions, being better in relationships, and being better at keeping control over your life and the things you need to get done all deeply speak to me. These issues have proved challenging for me over the course of my life in how I’ve struggled to manage projects, personally and professionally, have had difficulty focusing on the right things at the right times, or am constantly mismanaging other aspects of my personal life due to struggling to grasp concepts that seem natural to others like finance. Ultimately, while my goal in this internship is to help neurodivergent individuals through the work I contribute to Focus Bear, I believe that my work may also contribute to helping myself as well.  
