***What makes Focus Bear different from these apps?***

The major difference that sets Focus Bear apart from other competing apps is its intention and purpose being made for individuals who have ADHD and/or autism. This allows Focus Bear to directly target this niche of individuals and have more specifically designed features for them compared to its competitors whose features are targeted at more general, neurotypical audiences. While some apps like Tiimo and Routinery have features made for users who have ADHD, their audiences are still primarily neurotypical, so the entire app is not designed with neurodivergency in mind. Focus Bear also differs in having offered video and other media support when focusing is enabled, allowing for users to get the content they want to see, like tutorials for meditation or yoga, without opening a social media app and risking getting distracted.

***If you were a user, why would you choose Focus Bear over competitors?***

If I were a user, I would choose Focus Bear because it focuses more on the smaller, nuanced details that impact users who are neurodivergent compared to other apps, and because certain website content resonates with me the most. In particular, Jeremy’s own personal story feels more connecting than what is accessible about the teams or creators behind the other apps, and his experiences with shared struggles of burning saucepans creates a sense of familiarity, and many of the things he has experienced are also things I have experienced, making me feel more confident that my needs would be met by Focus Bear versus its competitors. 

***What’s one feature that other apps have that Focus Bear doesn’t?***

Some of the other apps feature a primarily visual interface without a timer, something Focus Bear does not currently have. Tiimo explains that they made this change intentionally for users with ADHD who might struggle with time agnosia, as research has found that visual indicators help to externalize the passage of time and make you aware of time passing even when your brain doesn’t recognise it.

***Based on your research, what’s one improvement you think Focus Bear could make?***

In my opinion, one opinion Focus Bear could make is to alter the content and structure of its website to more quickly connect with users. Since Focus Bear is targeted towards neurodivergent individuals, increasing this personability, in my opinion, could only help the app. This could include reorganizing the landing page of the website, keeping the main notion of it being for neurodivergent users, but making certain aspects like Jeremy’s own personal story higher up on the landing page, and consolidating the features section to make it more quickly digestible could be beneficial for quickly capturing the attention of users. Additionally, I would alter the video demo available on the homepage to make it a much shorter example of what Focus Bear can do, and leave the longer demo as an alternative. In a day and time where attention spans are shrinking and people are less inclined to engage with anything that takes longer than a quick scroll, maximizing the initial website content to capture these users is, in my opinion, essential.  